gh-148352: Add more colour to `calendar` CLI output (#148354)
python/cpython: Doc/library/calendar.rst

   By default, today's date is highlighted in color and can be
   :ref:`controlled using environment variables <using-on-controlling-color>`.

.. versionchanged:: next

>    By default, the calendar is in color and can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, the month is now also highlighted in color, and
   the days of the week are also in color. This behavior can be
```

The docs explicitly mention which aspect of the calendar is highlighted right above this (the date). Why not keep the pattern?
